Have you ever thought about trying to find your biological parents?
I'm not going to find them
I just want to be with you
I'm counting on you.
You're not leaving me.
Okay, okay, then mom, try to live a few more years
Mom wants to watch you go to college
Watching you get married
I will help you with your children in the future
It's a deal.
No regrets
I will receive the gold for this Miss Su family.
You better not jump out and grab it from me
Otherwise, don't blame me for being rude.
one by one
Jing Jing, why are you here?
I came to see Aunt Li
How are you, Aunt Li?
Are you all right?
I'm fine. I'll be out of the hospital soon.
Quiet, I forgave you on a whim
Yiyi, don't say that.
Speaking of which, I have to thank you
If you hadn't been impulsive
I still can't find my biological parents
That Zhou was really your mother
Yeah, I didn't think of that either.
I turned out to be the daughter of the Su family
Mr. Zhou is my mother
Master Su is my brother
My original name is Su Qingyi
Xiao Ming is also Yingyi
I see.
Congratulations, then.
Look at your messy hair
I'll comb it for you.
Yiyi, I remember you said
You are not Auntie Li's biological daughter either
So have you ever thought about going to your biological parents?
I just want to be with my mom
I remember when Aunt Li said sister, you were only 4 years old.
Do you still remember the memory before the age of 4?
A little bit impressed
I remember.